I've been in stem careers since I graduated from high school one way or
the other that's a literal truth and I've really enjoyed all of the
work I've done stem and I enjoy it still to this day did thing that
I would really like to see the different about stem is I wish government
sometimes who's a little more responsive to supporting the stem
research it will make a difference so frequently the government takes
the approach of we need to pass a law and keep somebody from doing
it rather than that we need to fund some research than we can encourage
people to do the right thing rather than trying to force them
to do the right thing